# api-introduction
A basic introduction to the TASS API's.

**Examples**

  * encryptDecrypt.cs - A basic C# Encrypt and Decrypt class example
  * POST.html - A HTML page with a form
  * GET.html - A HTML page with an anchor
  * DELPHI POST Example Function - A Delphi Example ( @filebound )
  * EncryptDecrypt.ps1 - PowerShell Encrypt and Decrypt ( @sam-fisher )
  * encryptDecrypt.cfm - CFML Encrypt and Decrypt example ( @ajdyka )
  * encryptDecrypt.py - Python Encrypt and Decrypt example ( @liamstevens )
  * encryptDecrypt3.py - Python3 Encrypt and Decrypt example ( @liamstevens )
  * encryptDecrypt.php - PHP Encrypt and Decrypt example ( @liamstevens, @jtc )
 
**Request URL Construction**

* **Overview**

	The request URL is constructed using several parts.

	```HTML
	{protocol}://{domain}/tassweb/api/?method={method}&appcode={appcode}&company={companycode}&v=2&token={token}
	````

* **Protocol**

	The protocol is defined in the TASS API Setup in TASS.web. As of TASS v49, this is set to restrict requests to HTTPS only.

* **Domain**

	The domain of the TASS.web server you wish to make the request to.

* **Method**

	The API Method you wish to invoke.

* **App Code**

	The App Code as defined in the TASS.web TASS API Setup.

* **Company Code**

	The Company Code for which the TASS API App has been configured in TASS.web.

* **Token**

	The token is generated by encrypting the parameter string with your Token Key.

	```JAVASCRIPT
	Encrypt( '{"include_label":"true"}'
	, '+TG1ZTqy0hTu5h0KMhCP0A=='
	, 'AES/ECB/PKCS5Padding'
	, 'Base64')
	```

	Expected Token

	```HTML
	96yfUt3jgAIYx0o7i3tjprnBpotNO3Md/yv+eToJ8qo=
	```

	Expected Token (URL Encoded for GET)

	```HTML
	96yfUt3jgAIYx0o7i3tjprnBpotNO3Md%2Fyv%2BeToJ8qo%3D
	```

* **Error Codes**

	Please refer to HTTP response headers for correct error codes and messages as IIS may reformat or replace JSON responses with standard error templates.
